README.md, before:

# SfBayAreaConcertsCliApp

Welcome to your new gem! In this directory, you'll find the files you need to be able to package up your Ruby library into a gem. Put your Ruby code in the file `lib/sf_bay_area_concerts_cli_app`. To experiment with that code, run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt.

TODO: Delete this and the text above, and describe your gem

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'sf_bay_area_concerts_cli_app'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install sf_bay_area_concerts_cli_app

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/sf_bay_area_concerts_cli_app. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the SfBayAreaConcertsCliApp project’s codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/[USERNAME]/sf_bay_area_concerts_cli_app/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Commit message:

Added comments to help explain the code

README.md, after:

# SfBayAreaConcertsCliApp

This Ruby Gem provides a CLI to view upcoming concerts in the San Francisco Bay Area.


## Installation

You can install this gem via `install sf_bay_area_concerts_cli_app`. The `sf_bay_area_concerts` CLI will be installed and you can run `sf_bay_area_concerts` to get a list of upcoming concerts for the San Francisco Bay Area in your command line.


## Usage

Run: `sf_bay_area_concerts` after installing the gem.

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/sf_bay_area_concerts_cli_app. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the SfBayAreaConcertsCliApp project’s codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/[USERNAME]/sf_bay_area_concerts_cli_app/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
